*Initial set up explain 


Analysis
This analysis is based on total profits and it's distribution within a feature.
This is to see if you can make money 


Age group
Interesting it seems all age groups are relatively equal in spending. 
Except for 10s but that is because they are mostly the youngest is 18 years old 
and they don't really have much disposable income to spend.


Gender 
Seems women spend more than men, maybe we can make markets to target them.


Category
Most people seem to be buying clothes and shoes from our physical stores, 
followed by technology
and a bit ore are cosmetics and toys (most kids rather play with video games than toys)

Compare against gender it seems equal so no info there. 


Payment method
Interestingly most people pay with cash rather than credit or debit. 
Though nothing with promotion this may speak the nature of our customers.

Thus I followed up with a stacked bar graph of payment method vs categories and gender
and also see it is relatively equal so no info there.


Region
It is seen that the West and East Coast makes the most money which makes sense.

To further investigate I want to check which states. California is a huge market 
while for the east coast are smaller but together make up a good portion

Comparing the state to payment methods and categories it seems both are equally distributed


Hour
Seems no interesting data in Hour.


Day of the week
This gave an interesting pattern as you can see most people spend money in the beginning
of the work week near Sun and Mon, then lowers and plateaus afterwards.
This is for both total profit and number of transactions


Categories in Price Per Unit
Clothing makes the most of our money and it seems our customers are big spenders
as the avg amount they spend on clothes in one checkout is $900. 
Technology is our 2nd most profitable category and has wide spread range of customers mostly 
spending one time around $2500 to $4000 in one checkout.
Shoes is our 3rd most profitable with customers spending an avg of $2000 on checkout.
The rest are negilible compare to those.


Categories in Quantity

Interesting the amount people checkout in each category are all the same 
mostly around 2 to 4 items. 
However out of all the purposes the 1st (clothing) and 2nd (technology)
most profitable categories does have outliers


Final Recommendation
If we are going to do a future promotion then it seems the best is to focus more out efforts 
on the categories that are most profitable. Originally going to recommend discounts but seeing 
how customer behavior for clothing, shoes, and computers are mostly 
buying few expensive items at checkout, that makes our store more in line with luxury store,
and maybe we should lean into that more in promoting more luxury brands. 

You also have to considered that these customers rather buy these items in a physical store 
where they can see and touch the item rather than online platforms like Amazon, and honestly 
maybe online platforms like Amazon are eating our profits for common goods but not luxury goods.
We could lean more on luxury physical store experience by maybe hiring or reorganizing
some of the workforce to be something like slaes associates or personal shoppers like you see
in other luxury stores.